README for the Linux IP Personality patch
-----------------------------------------

* What's that thing ?

The Linux IP Personality patch adds to your Linux 2.4 kernel the
ability to have different 'personalities' network wise, that is to
change some characteristics of its network traffic, depending on
different parameters (anything you can specify in an iptables rule:
src/dst IP address, TCP or UDP port, etc.)

The characteristics that can be changed are:
 - TCP Initial Sequence Number (ISN)
 - TCP initial window size
 - TCP options (their types, values and order in the packet)
 - IP ID numbers
 - answers to some pathological TCP packets
 - answers to some UDP packets
They are deeply configurable.

The primary objective of this patch is to counter network
fingerprinting techniques, as described in Fyodor's article:
  http://www.insecure.org/nmap/nmap-fingerprinting-article.html
Fyodor is the author of nmap, the famous port scanner that has a
powerful remote OS detection engine. Our patch can fool current
versions of nmap, and is very configurable, so that he can probably
fool any similar tool. The patch allows us to emulate the behaviour of
any system listed in nmap's list of OS fingerprints. Some of the
features of our patch can be applied to routed traffic, and thus
disturb scans directed to machines we are routing. Some features (eg
TCP ISN rewriting) can be used to improve network security.

This patch relies on the wonderful framework created by Rusty Russel:
netfilter. More precisely, our patch adds a new iptables target (in a
kernel module) that can be used in the mangle table with a (patched)
iptables.

* Requirements:

Sources of:
 - Linux 2.4.18
 - iptables 1.2.2
And some knowledge of netfilter, iptables and Internet protocols (IP,
TCP, UDP).

We hope you are testing this on a spare machine or have good backups:
this is EXPERIMENTAL kernel software, we are no kernel gurus, this may
destroy your entire system without prior notice. Don't blame us if you
lose all your data, you have been warned !

* Install, configuration: see INSTALL

* Authors & Disclaimers:

The Linux IP Personality patch was developped at ENSERB (engineering
school in computer sciences) as an end of studies project by Gaël
Roualland and Jean-Marc Saffroy, directed by Anne Facq (CRPP) and
Laurent Facq (REAUMUR/Universite Bordeaux I).

It is licensed through the GNU General Public License. Read the
COPYING file for the complete license.

#include <stddisclaimer>

* Contact:

Ippersonality-devel mailing-list:
  <ippersonality-devel@lists.sourceforge.net>

Project Homepage: 
  http://ippersonality.sourceforge.net
